Alright! In this video, we are gonna look
at adding in the data model, that we're
gonna be working with the Spring
WebFlux. I've missed one dependency there,
projectlombok. I do know I have to be
writing like getters and setters and
stuff. So, I'm line 34, I've gone in and
added it in to the Gradle build script.
And also, one other thing that I did, when
I committed this project, I set up the
CircleCI build, and now, we can see over
here, now we are building the project on
CircleCI. It'll pick up the branches
as I add them and got the initial
commit into GitHub. You can see that, I
set up a README and that's the CircleCI
build badge. And I'm trying out this in
badge for downloads. I'm curious if that
will change or not. But right now, it has
not changed. But we'll see if that
changes. It's a badge. I just tried it
out with GitHub. So, let's jump over to
IntelliJ and let's go in. So, we can see
we just have this one. Let's go in and
create a Package.
I'm just gonna call it domain, and
let's be consistent with what we were
working with. And I am gonna create a
new Java class. Just call it Category.
Say Yes.
Just a reminder, for MongoDB, the entities
JPA Entities are referred to as documents.
Let's come over here.
We're not gonna need anything too
complex here.
And we'll annotate that with the Id
property, and you can see that, this sets
up a project called  MongoDB
entity called, Category. And we've marked
it with the @Data annotation for Project
Lombok, which will give us all the
getters and setters and equals and
hashcode and a toString method, if I
remember correctly. And then, the next
thing we wanna do is set up repository.
Let's go and create a New Package
for that as well.
So, creating a new package called
repository and will create a
CategoryRepository.
In here, what we wanna do is extend
out the ReactiveMongoRepository. Now,
it's gonna give us the reactive types
to work with. Wanna make sure that we
get the Category.
The id as a String.
And I made one mistake. This should be
an interface
that's why that was not happy. So, let's
take a look at the ReactiveMongoRepository.
And you can see that this
looks a lot like the regular Mongo
Repositories. But now, it extends out the
ReactiveSortingRepository,
ReactiveQueryByExampleExecutor so it gives us
some additional properties. But, you can
see that it's going to give us back
reactive types. So let's take a look at
what's implemented here, as well. So we do
a findAll there. Extends out to over
ReactiveCrud up. So we get all these here,
and these different properties, that are
gonna be implemented. And this is a
usual Spring Data stuff, that we've seen
throughout the course. But now, it gives
us extensions for the reactive types and
we're gonna be using those with the
the Spring WebFlux as we develop our
RESTful API.